sphinx/beta_testers.rst, before:

Beta Testers Guide
======================

Thank You!
----------
Thank you for taking some time out of your day to help me test Polo. It
means a lot. On this page you will find info on how to get started, 
where to find test data, what to do with it and how to report any bugs that
you find.


Getting Polo Beta Version
-----------------------------

Visit the Downloads page to see all current releases. Download the most
current one for your operating system. You also might want to skim over
the About page to get a better idea of what Polo's use cases are.


Test Data
--------------------------
Test images are available for download from the
`SourceForge page here  <https://sourceforge.net/projects/marco-polo/files/test_data/>`_.
Ideally you should download one file from the *file* from the xtal_files folder
and one *folder* from the test_images folder. The difference between the two
formats is xtal is a file format used by Polo to store images, annotations,
and classifications all in one place while the folder is more similar to
what a new user would download directly from HWI's FTP server when their
screening images are available.

Once you have the test data downloaded and Polo installed on your machine
you are ready to start testing. The next section will outline a couple of
basic tasks to get you started.


What Now?
---------------------------

Now that you have got some data you can start working with it. Here is a list
of things to do with your data and links to sections of the documentation
on how to do it.

- Open the xtal file: :ref:`Importing Images from a Directory`
- Open the folder of images and classify them: :ref:`Importing a Saved Run`
- Classify images using the Slideshow Viewer: :ref:`Using the Slideshow View`
- Classify images using the Plate Viewer: :ref:`Using the Plate Viewer`
- Create an optimization screen: :ref:`Using the Optimize Tool`
- Do something unexpected in an attempt to break the program (**Highly Recommended!**)

For more ideas and help getting started check out the :ref:`User's Guide`


I Found a Bug
--------------------------
Thats great! If you have some GitHub knowhow you can report it on the issues
`on the issues <https://github.com/EthanHolleman/Marco_Polo/issues>`_
page of the Polo repository or fill out `this google form <https://forms.gle/GfMT72z7Z6AzJqS86>`_
Thanks for your help!

Commit message:

Show default image when no images found by filter

sphinx/beta_testers.rst, after:

Beta Testers Guide
======================

Thank You!
----------
Thank you for taking some time out of your day to help me test Polo. It
means a lot. On this page you will find info on how to get started, 
where to find test data, what to do with it and how to report any bugs that
you find.


Getting Polo Beta Version
-----------------------------

Visit the :ref:`Installation Guide` to learn more about getting the latest
Polo release for your system. For test releases test data will be packaged
along with the installer to help you start using Polo. You also might want to 
skim over the :ref:`Background` section of the About page to get a better idea
of what Polo's use cases are. The :ref:`User's Guide` goes into more detail
about the specific functions of each tool included in Polo. 


What Now?
---------------------------

Now that you have got some data you can start working with it. Here is a list
of things to do with your data and links to sections of the documentation
on how to do it.

- Open the xtal file: :ref:`Importing Images from a Directory`
- Open the folder of images and classify them: :ref:`Importing a Saved Run`
- Classify images using the Slideshow Viewer: :ref:`Using the Slideshow View`
- Classify images using the Plate Viewer: :ref:`Using the Plate Viewer`
- Create an optimization screen: :ref:`Using the Optimize Tool`
- Do something unexpected in an attempt to break the program (**Highly Recommended!**)

For more ideas and help getting started check out the :ref:`User's Guide`


I Found a Bug
--------------------------
Thats great! If you have some GitHub knowhow you can report it on the issues
`on the issues <https://github.com/EthanHolleman/Marco_Polo/issues>`_
page of the Polo repository or fill out `this google form <https://forms.gle/GfMT72z7Z6AzJqS86>`_
Thanks for your help!
